add "Nim Community Survey 2020 Results" post (#255)
nim-lang/website: jekyll/_posts/2021-01-20-community-survey-results-2020.md

[Rosetta code examples](http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Category:Nim) are also a popular choice as a learning resource, followed by ["Nim Basics"](https://narimiran.github.io/nim-basics/), ["Nim Days"](https://xmonader.github.io/nimdays/) and ["Nim Notes"](https://scripter.co/notes/nim).

<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/news/images/survey2020/18.png" alt="What kind of learning materials does Nim need?" style="width:100%"/>

If anyone would like to create some more learning materials for Nim (which is very high on the community priority list, see below under the "Nim in 2021 and beyond" section), the most wanted types of learning materials are code examples and written tutorials.

## Nim community and contributions

<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/news/images/survey2020/19.png" alt="Have you made code contributions to the Nim project in the past?" style="width:100%"/>

Compared to 2019, we see a 20% increase of people who have already contributed to Nim!

> And there are almost three times more people who haven't contributed to Nim so far but plan to do that in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And there are almost three times as many people who haven't contributed to Nim so far but plan to do that in the future.
```

The form of "three times more" should be avoided - it's ambiguous whether "three times more than `x`" means `3 * x` or `x + 3x`.

(But of course in this case, it's obvious from the graph).

<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/news/images/survey2020/22.png" alt="What should be our priorities in improving Nim, that would bring the largest quality-of-life improvements? [improve tooling]" style="width:100%"/>

Improving the tooling is very high on the priority list for our users (higher than in 2019), and especially for those users who use Nim professionally.
We're happy to announce that, thanks to our partnership with [Status](https://status.im), improving the developer tooling is [one of the goals for 2021](https://github.com/nim-lang/RFCs/issues/300).

<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/news/images/survey2020/20.png" alt="What should be our priorities in improving Nim, that would bring the largest quality-of-life improvements? [documentation]" style="width:100%"/>
<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/news/images/survey2020/26.png" alt="What should be our priorities in improving Nim, that would bring the largest quality-of-life improvements? [more learning materials (tutorials, videos, books, ...)]" style="width:100%"/>

> Back in 2019 we have improved the documentation of the most used standard library modules.

Author: ```suggestion
Back in 2019 we improved the documentation of the most used standard library modules.
```
